This README will guide you through setting up Juice Shop, unzipping the tool, and running the scans.
Prerequisites
Ensure you have the following installed on your system:

Kali Linux (or any Linux distribution)
Node.js and npm (for running Juice Shop)
Python 3.7+ (for the scanning tool)
Git (to clone repositories)
You can check if Node.js, npm, and Python are installed by running:
node -v
npm -v
python3 --version

Installing Juice Shop
Clone the Juice Shop Repository: 
Open your terminal and run:
git clone https://github.com/juice-shop/juice-shop.git

Navigate to the Juice Shop Directory:
cd juice-shop
Install Dependencies:

Run the following command to install all required dependencies:
npm install
Start the Juice Shop Application:

Run the command below to start the Juice Shop on your local machine:
npm start
Juice Shop should now be running at http://localhost:3000. You can open this URL in your browser to confirm it’s working.

Setting Up the Scanning Tool
Unzip the Tool:
If you’ve received the tool as a .zip file, navigate to the directory where it’s located and unzip it:
unzip your-tool-name.zip -d your-tool-directory

Navigate to the Tool Directory:
cd your-tool-directory
Install Required Python Libraries:

Make sure you have the required Python libraries installed. Run: pip install -r requirements.txt
The requirements.txt file should contain necessary libraries like requests, beautifulsoup4, etc.

Running the Tool
Start the Proxy (Optional):
If your tool includes a proxy feature, run the proxy.py script:
python3 proxy.py

Run the Main Script:

Run the main scanning script: python3 main.py

Select Scanning Options:

The tool may prompt you to select options like:

Target URL: Enter http://localhost:3000 (if you’re scanning the locally running Juice Shop).
Type of Scan: Choose from options like traditional spider, active scan, etc.
Understanding the Results
After the scan completes, the tool will generate a report or list the identified vulnerabilities directly in the terminal. Depending on your tool's features, you may see:

Vulnerability Types (e.g., XSS, CSRF, Clickjacking, etc.)
Risk Levels (e.g., Low, Medium, High)
Affected URLs
Remediation Suggestions
Troubleshooting
Juice Shop Not Starting? Ensure Node.js and npm are properly installed and that all dependencies are correctly installed.
Missing Python Libraries? Double-check the requirements.txt file and ensure all necessary libraries are installed.
Scan Results Empty? Verify that the target URL is correct and that Juice Shop is running.
If you encounter issues, refer to the official Juice Shop documentation or check your tool’s error messages for guidance.

This README provides a comprehensive guide to setting up, running, and troubleshooting the tool for scanning vulnerabilities in Juice Shop. Happy testing! 🎯
